Jordan Violet
Jacob McGowan
Darrell Thobe
Cherie Myslinsky
The Blueberries
2-9-2015
User Stories
1.	Title: Org Leaders add event to organization
    Description: A student organization leader can add events such as meetings or student activities to an organization. 
2.	Title: Org Leaders modify event of organization
    Description: A student organization leader can modify an existing event. He or she can change information such as time or date. 
3.	Title: Org Leaders remove/cancel event of organization
    Description: A student organization leader can remove or cancel an event. 
4.	Title: Org Leaders view events
    Description: A student organization leader can view existing events.
5.	Title: Org Leaders add student to organization
    Description: A student organization can add a new student to an organization.
6.	Title: Org Leaders remove member from organization
    Description: A student organization can remove a member from an organization.
7.	Title: Org Leaders change member contact information
    Description: A student organization leader can change a member's contact information.
8.	Title: Org Leaders view organization members
    Description: A student organization leader can view contact information of the members.
9.	Title: Org Leaders email announcements to members
    Description: A student organization leader can email announcments to members. 
10.	Title: Org Leaders view attendance at events
    Description: A student organization leader can view attendance at an event.
11. Title: Org Leaders take attendance/check in student members
    Description: A student organization leader can take member attendance and check in students at events.
12. Title: Org Leaders email attendance to the organization adviser.
    Description: A student organization leader can email event attendance to the organization adviser.
13.	Title: Org Leaders flag absent members
	  Description: A student organization leader can flag members who are absent from events.
14. Title: Adviser view events
	  Description: An adviser can view events. 
15.	Title: Adviser add organization
	  Description: An adviser can add an organization.
16.	Title: Adviser remove organization
	  Description: An adviser can remove an organization.
17. Title: Adviser produce transcript of student activities
	  Description: An adviser can produce a transcript of student activities of a member.
18.	Title: Adviser import activity from excel
	  Description: An adviser can import attendance activity from excel.
19.	Title: Adviser export report to excel
	  Description: An adviser can export attendance activity to excel.
20.	Title: Student members check in (card swipe)
	  Description: A student member of an organization can check in at an event with a card swipe. 

